1 Create a program, which will show the statistics of the cryptocurrencies, with the
following information: Name, Symbol, Current price, Market Cap, Total Volume, Price
Change for 24 hours.
* Provide filters: based on the name, based on the value.(if value is greater than XXX)
* * Show the statistics every 5 seconds

argpars
requests
json   
json.load() or json.loads()
json.dump or  json.dumps

httos methods using get  method

vercvi api u infon tanq









2 Create a weather forecast program. It will take a required argument: the city name. It will
show all the weather information for that city. The program can also take another
argument, either temperature or density or other (based on the options that provide the
API). The user should be able to see the list of those options.

argpars
requests
json






3 Hangman Game: Implement the classic word-guessing game, Hangman, where
players try to guess a hidden word one letter at a time. Display the current state
of the word, the letters guessed so far, and allow a limited number of incorrect
guesses before the game ends.

visilica bti nkarvi  kodov 


4 Create a program that will separate the files based on the types(docs, pdf, jpg, etc). The
source directory should be passed as an argument.
script bti grvi or erb -d keneq inchor directr i meji sax faylery kdasavore yst tiperi kstece diretorianer orinak 
pdf png ev ayln u en sax faylery mej kce ys iranc anuneri






5 Word Frequency Counter: Write a program that analyzes a text file and counts the
frequency of each word. Remove common stop words and punctuation marks to
get more accurate results. Display the top N most frequent words and their
frequencies.




6 unin1q  db txt vori mej ka 10 mard anun azganun age masnagitutyun , verjnakanum bti stacvi exzel ship vor meh btigrac exni
name surname age  masnagituyun vervi toxy exni dexin nerkac u hast grac
25 <age  nerkvac exni green
pythhon3 script.py -f db.txt
-x output.xlsx
-a 'yes"  anunnery dasavorel aybenakan kargov 
-p programer sarqe 2 rd shit mejy qce sax prog u ytpes mius masnagitutyunnery